scrubbed files for correct use of acronyms (#8386)
netdata/netdata: backends/opentsdb/README.md

# OpenTSDB with HTTP

> Netdata can easily communicate with Open Time Series Database (OpenTSDB) using HTTP API. To enable this channel, set the following options in your

Reviewer: I think the formal name is actually **OpenTSDB**, so we don't want to change that. We could, however, expand just **TSDB**.

```suggestion
Netdata can easily communicate with OpenTSDB, a time series database (TSDB) implementation, using HTTP API. To enable this channel, set the following options in your
```
